[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
before reuniting to continue
on to the New World.
They are now separated once
again on Fishman Island,
thousands of feet
below sea level.
[PIRATES scream]
[BOTH gasp]
Let's go! Break through!
We're off to the Sea Forest!
[LUFFY]
"The Ryugu Palace in Shock!
The Kidnapping of Shirahoshi!"
[DEN]
Thank you for making the trip!
I don't get many
visitors from above!
No problem!
When Tom told me his
kid brother back home
was also a shipwright,
I knew I had to visit.
[DEN laughs] Still.
Traveling to Fishman Island's
a pretty difficult task.
It's not bad.
Training with Tom since
I was young paid off!
My crewmates and I made it
here on a ship that I built!
Is that so?
Well, you were my brother's
pupil, it must be a fine vessel.
Yeah!
The Thousand Sunny 'll take
us anywhere we wanna go!
It's my life's work,
my masterpiece!
[DEN] I'd love to see
it before ya leave.
Yeah, about that.
After we got to Fishman Island,
the Sunny was swept
away by the tide.
That's one of the reasons
I came to see you.
You know the area
much better than I do.
Do ya have any idea where
the ship might have turned up?
[DEN]
Trust me, you'll find it.
But where do I even start?
[DEN] It's a funny thing,
but when ships sink
around these parts, the tide
almost always carries them
to the same place. The Sunny
is bound to be there, too.
I guarantee it.
With gusto, even.
[FRANKY]
You're that confident, huh?
[DEN] Don't worry, we'll
get there soon enough.
On to the Sea Forest!
The Sea Forest?
[LUFFY laughing]
Hold on, Luffy!
What are you doing?
Stop! Megalo,
come back here now!
Stay in the palace!
[SHIRAHOSHI] Father, Brothers,
all my caretakers. Forgive me!
I'm leaving without
your permission!
[SHIRAHOSHI] I promise
to be home by dinner!
[LUFFY laughs]
We're on an adventure!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
What has gotten into Megalo?
I can't believe it!
He even left the doors open!
What if something were
to happen to-- Oh, no!
Hey, skeleton! Hurry up
and check on the Princess!
[BROOK]
All right!
But stop riding
my bones about it!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT screams]
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
She's gone!
Princess Shirahoshi
never leaves her room!
Oh, no! But why are you
keeping her locked up here
in the first place?
To keep her safe!
Enemies are trying
to get to her!
King Neptune. I'm sorry
I've failed you!
Who knows how far away
the kidnappers are!
Kidnappers?!
Princess Shirahoshi!
Forgive me.
You're positive
she was kidnapped?
Ha! How rude of you!
[groans]
[PIRATES groaning]
[PIRATE 534B] The gate
connecting Fishman Island
to the Ryugu Palace.
Tell us where the switch
to open it is, or else!
[BROOK]
Wait, switch?
Skeleton!
You have to get back to King
Neptune as fast as possible!
Tell him the princess is gone
and that we're under attack!
We didn't want any
of this to happen,
but it's the only way.
They told us that
if we wanna survive,
we gotta follow their orders.
Please just tell us, okay?
Whose orders?
It doesn't matter!
Just tell us or
we're all gonna die!
[BROOK]
But I don't--
[PIRATES]
Just tell us!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT] What in
the world is going on here?
These guys are so useless!
Humans really are
pathetic, aren't they?
Put 'em in the water
and they just drown!
[DECKEN laughs] You pirates
are now under the control
of Hordy Jones,
so listen closely!
I've got wonderful news!
You have the chance to be
part of a historic mission!
Talk about lucky!
That looks like Vander Decken.
Isn't he the captain
of the Flying Dutchman ?
This can't be real.
That cursed ghost
ship is a myth!
[DECKEN]
Oh, I'm no ghost.
But I am Vander
Decken's descendant!
I've got a curse
of my own as well.
Even though I'm a
Fishman, I can't swim.
But that's all right!
I've got this devil fruit power
known as the Mark-Mark fruit.
How 'bout I show you?
You in the stripes! C'mere!
Step right up!
Me?
[HACHI]
Hordy!
[HORDY]
Huh?
This is nonsense
and you know it!
Enough is enough!
[PIRATES murmuring]
Is that Hachi?
What is he doin' here?
Hello there.
[HACHI] Those Energy
Steroids you're taking
will do nothing but
mess up your body!
And no good can come of
destroying Fishman Island!
On top of it,
you're underestimating
the power of Neptune!
Hachi. I've heard enough
of your rambling.
I don't wanna listen
to your voice anymore.
To think you were an officer of
the pirate group that I admired.
Now you're nothing
but a washed-up coward.
So, make way for
the real pirates.
If we wanna teach all
of the humans a lesson,
we're gonna need
Fishman Island.
That means Neptune is our enemy!
Arlong thought Fishmen
were the supreme race.
When did you change your mind?
Arlong was wrong,
there is no supreme race!
Decken! Hyouzou!
Why are you doing this?
The two of you
refused to help Arlong
invade the East Blue
when he was in power.
So tell me.
What makes you wanna work
with these young punks now?
That's easy.
I'm in it for money.
These guys are willing to pay.
Arlong was stingy.
He never did pony up enough
dough to enlist my services.
That's why he was always stuck
taking crappy swordsmen
like you along.
No wonder he lost.
[DECKEN laughs] A sight for
sore eyes! An angry Hachi!
Yeah, I remember what
happened back then.
Arlong had the nerve to ask
me to work underneath him.
What a preposterous idea!
Vander Decken never
works under anybody.
I'm my own man!
Hordy gets that
better than anyone.
Arlong had goals and an
ability to act on them,
which I can respect.
But he was also brash.
As a leader, he was
lacking in cunning.
When you old-timers were
running rampant on the sea,
we were all still too
young to become pirates.
So we watched.
We saw what you did well
and what you did poorly.
We learned from
all your mistakes.
In that sense,
we owe you our thanks.
Take heart.
I will continue right
where Arlong left off.
I don't understand why
you're not onboard with that.
You supported Arlong for
all those years, after all.
What a disappointment
you are, Hachi.
You might want to know.
The pirate who destroyed
Arlong's dream, Straw Hat Luffy,
is on Fishman Island.
It's a perfect opportunity
for some revenge!
[HACHI] Even though I
fought him as a member
of the Arlong Pirates,
he now calls me his friend!
[LUFFY] Look. All three
of you are my friends now!
[HACHI] Straw Hat Luffy
also saved my life.
If I could, I would see him...
...but I'm too ashamed of
my fellow Fishmen to do it!
How can I face him when you're
clinging Arlong's legacy?
You consider a human
your friend? How pathetic!
You're not a real Fishman!
Get outta my sight!
[HACHI whimpers]
Calm yourself and listen.
[laughs] You may have
forgotten how pirates
do things around here.
If there's something
you wanna say,
you gotta use violence
to get your point across!
For example! Watch!
[PIRATE 534J]
Where is he throwing it to?
Did you notice?
When I touched you earlier,
I marked you as my new target.
No matter what I throw
or where I throw it,
it will always make its way
back to whatever I mark!
Not only that, but it'll
come back at you full speed!
I suspect!
[screams]
But that's crazy!
Decken just tossed the
knife away from that guy.
And it came back to hit him!
[HACHI]
The Mark-Mark curse.
Of course, there are
some limitations.
Can you figure them out?
You had better hurry.
[growls] Stay away
from me, Decken!
I've heard enough stories
about your Mark-Mark power.
You gotta make him stop!
He's trying to kill me!
Please stop him, Hordy!
Sorry, Hachi. I can't.
As he told you earlier, Vander
Decken isn't working under me.
We're allies on equal footing.
Besides, you're really
starting to get on my nerves!
Go ahead, Decken!
[HACHI]
Damn it!
All right. Voila!
[laughs]
[DECKEN]
That's it! Run away!
[DECKEN] No matter how fast
you run, or how far you go,
they'll keep chasing you
until they meet their mark,
and you know what that means!
I'll be ok if I can just
find my way to the exit.
[pants] There.
I should be safe now!
Hopefully, they sink
in the water.
[yelps] They burst through the
bubble like it was nothing!
Get away!
[HACHI screams]
[HACHI screaming]
[DECKEN laughs]
I can leave up to two marks.
One for each palm!
Left and right!
But I've worn a glove on
this one for ten years,
since I touched Princess
Shiraroshi and made her my mark!
She'll stay that way forever!
Get it yet?
I can throw weapons
and even my love!
They'll track you down to
the furthest depths of hell!
That's the Mark-Mark
curse for ya!
Whoa!
He can keep stalking
the princess
for as long as he wants
and stay right here!
Best of all, he'll
never have to deal
with fighting
Neptune and his sons!
[DECKEN]
Bingo!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE 534F]
How devious can you get?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Decken! Decken! Decken!
[HORDY]
Now about you human pirates.
I'm sure you're all familiar
with Decken's Mark-Mark power.
So, let's begin the first
stage of your mission.
[HORDY] They say the
Ryugu Palace is impregnable,
but I disagree.
Someone in this room
has been able to break
through its defenses
for ten straight years. Him.
Captain Vander Decken.
[DECKEN laughs]
So you'll be
our cannon fodder.
Meaning, Decken will treat your
bodies as living ammunition.
Throwing you straight into the
wall of the princess's tower.
[PIRATES gasp]
Of course, weapons
can't smash it,
and most of you runts
won't do any better.
And then, you'll open up the
gate from inside the palace.
Find the gate switch
and let us in.
That's all you have to do.
No way! We can't
make it that far.
You're crazy!
We'd already be dead
from hitting the wall!
You're correct!
That's why I want
you humans to do it.
Your lives don't
mean anything to me!
In our world, you're
either slaves or corpses.
Those of you who survive the
impact, carry out your duty.
If you succeed in opening
the gate, I'll set you free.
But if you refuse to
do it, then leave!
I'll kick you out
of the bubble myself!
So you better do as I say!
But if-if we leave the bubble,
we can't get to the
top without drowning!
Well, that's no good!
On the upside, that should make
this decision easy
for you, though.
[yelps]
[DECKEN]
Have fun!
[laughs]
[HORDY]
It's a new era!
From now on,
our people will forge
a new history with
our own hands.
[PIRATES screaming]
We'll start by conquering
the Ryugu Kingdom!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Yeah!
[laughs]
Shirahoshi. Just you wait!
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, back at the palace.
[PIRATE 534BB panting]
Don't go so fast!
[PIRATE 534CC]
We're injured!
Pick up the pace, Skeleton!
It's imperative we
make it to the king!
Listen. I'm begging you
to take us to that gate!
Hordy's gonna kill us all
if we don't get it open!
You have to!
[SANJI] Hey. I have a
question for you guys.
Sanji! Go back to bed.
No fighting!
[SANJI]
I'm not fighting. I just wanna
ask them something
about the Ryugu Palace.
Is she there?
The Mermaid Princess?
Yeah, she's there. So what?
I'll go. It's worth it.
No, it isn't!
You're still too weak!
If she's beautiful,
you might die!
Come on. Of course
she's beautiful, right?
Well, I've never seen her,
but they do say
she's quite lovely.
She is? Great!
Then lead the way!
Let's stop fighting! Take me!
Wait. Which way is the palace?
My true love awaits!
What's wrong with this guy?
I don't know,
but we're supposed to
take him in regardless.
[AMMO KNIGHT 534B]
Before we depart for the palace,
we need to handcuff you!
If I can see her, who cares?
Tie me up and take me away!
You nutcase! Snap out of it!
Don't go with them!
[SANJI]
Wait a minute!
How am I supposed to cook
for the Mermaid Princess
if you put me in handcuffs,
you imbeciles?
That's why it's not okay?
I knew he would resist!
Everyone subdue the human!
Bastards. Sabotaging my one
chance to see the princess?
I bet you're just jealous!
[AMMO KNIGHTS groaning
[SANJI]
Too bad! You can't have her!
Hey. Sanji! Don't fight them!
We gotta run!
Or whatever. Beat
them all up. Sure.
You realize we were innocent
before you did that!
[SANJI] Well, it's their fault
for trying to handcuff me.
[FISHMAN 534AA] They're
members of the Straw Hats.
[FISHMAN 534BB gasps]
How dangerous.
[CHOPPER]
Look at what you've done!
Now everybody's giving us
that dead fish stare!
And not 'cause they're
fishmen, either!
That's not our problem.
Besides, they saw
the guards attack us.
But you were the one
doing all the attacking!
Hey now, you beat up
a lot of them up, too!
Speaking of. Good job.
Your training really paid off.
[gasps] You think you can
buy me off with a compliment?
No way, pal!
[screams]
A lady is in need!
[MERMAID 534A]
Oh, my god! There's a man
covered with blood
on the shore!
[FISHMAN 534CC] You're that guy
from the Fishman District!
What happened to you?
[FISHMAN 534DD]
Someone call a doctor!
Oh. Hey! I'm a doctor!
Wha--? Hachi?
Who did this? What happened?
Hachi, it's us!
Chopper and Sanji!
Hold on! We'll help you.
But why would someone do this?
It's you guys.
I'm happy to see you.
Is Straw Hat here, too?
[CHOPPER]
He's not with us!
Don't try to move!
I'll start treating
you in a sec!
[HACHI] Wherever your
friends are, find them,
and get the hell outta here.
You don't wanna get
involved, believe me.
Get back on your boat and leave
this place while you still can,
or you'll be fighting
for your lives.
Hordy and Decken. Go.
The New Fishman pirates
will start attacking
the whole island soon!
Once they do, the
Ryugu Kingdom will fall!
Ah! King Neptune!
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
[THE MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
The princess has been kidnapped!
I don't know how but they
must've broken into the room!
[BROOK] Also, pirates are
crashing into the tower!
It's bizarre!
In any case. They'll
be here any minute!
Get ready!
[NEPTUNE]
Kidnapped?
Somebody's taken
away my Shirahoshi?
Who was it? I'll kill them!
[screams]
Wait, there's a pirate
raid going on?
And they don't mean us?
This is the worst time!
All I want is to get out of here
and now it's some
kind of pirate party!
We're screwed!
Fine! Just ignore me, jerk!
I'll cut 'em.
Violence is the last
thing we need right now!
If we wanna make it
out of here alive,
we have to open up the gate.
No matter what!
[BROOK]
Oh, no, they're here!
[MEGALO grunting]
[LUFFY] You can come out
of the shark now, ya know.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Oh. That's okay,
I think I'd rather
stay inside for now.
[MEGALO grunts]
[LUFFY] Must be nice, after
being cooped up for ten years.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Yes, my heart is racing!
They're probably
worried sick about me.
You've been out five minutes!
Have a little fun, would ya?
Jeez, what a weirdo!
Now I know how it feels.
[giggles]
This is a real adventure, huh?
[LUFFY laughs] It sure is!
If your heart's racing,
it counts as an adventure!
You mentioned a thing called
"the Sea Forest," right?
So what is that?
Is it a pretty cool place?
It's a graveyard.
Or rather, there's one grave
that I never got to visit,
because I was locked away.
Ten years, I've wanted to go,
and now my only dream
can finally come true.
[JIMBEI]
It's already been ten long years
since her assassination
in broad daylight
threw Fishman Island
into upheaval.
Time flies.
[JIMBEI] The princes
have grown into strong
and worthy protectors.
Princess Shirahoshi is locked
in the tower, but she is safe.
But as for you.
Your memory survives.
Your ideals will
live on forever.
Queen Otohime!
[NARRATOR] Hordy's plan for
revenge is set into motion.
The defenses of the Ryugu Palace
have been left wide open
thanks to the unexpected
actions of the pirates
thrown into its walls.
The Straw Hats, who have
unwittingly taken control
of the palace,
must now defend it
against the New
Fishman Pirates,
who pour into its halls,
lead by Hordy himself.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Hordy's Onslaught!
The Retaliatory Plan
Set Into Motion!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!